Consolidate troubleshooting sections from install pages (#474)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Troubleshooting.rst

> Import failing even with library present on the system

Reviewer: I know you didn't add this, but this is really a Windows-specific section.  I'd move it into the Windows troubleshooting, and remove the reference to "MacOS"; it doesn't really belong here.

Use the tool to load the corresponding ``.pyd`` file, and it should report unavailable ``DLL`` modules.
Be sure that the current workspace is sourced before you execute the tool, otherwise there will be unresolved ROS DLL files.
Use this information to install additional dependencies or adjust your path as necessary.

.. _linux-troubleshooting:

Linux
-----

Internal compiler error
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you experience an ICE when trying to compile on a memory constrained platform like a Raspberry PI you might want to build single threaded (prefix the build invocation with ``MAKEFLAGS=-j1``).

Out of memory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``ros1_bridge`` in its current form requires 4Gb of free RAM to compile.

> If you don't have that amount of RAM available it's suggested to use ``AMENT_IGNORE`` in that folder and skip its compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have that amount of RAM available it's suggested to use ``COLCON_IGNORE`` in that folder and skip its compilation.
```

.. code-block:: bash

   colcon version-check  # check if newer versions available
   sudo apt install python3-colcon* --only-upgrade  # upgrade installed colcon packages to latest version

.. _osx-troubleshooting:

OS X
----

Segmentation fault when using ``pyenv``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

``pyenv`` seems to default to building Python with ``.a`` files, but that causes issues with ``rclpy``, so it's recommended to build Python with Frameworks enabled on macOS when using ``pyenv``:

https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv/wiki#how-to-build-cpython-with-framework-support-on-os-x

Library not loaded; image not found
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you are seeing library loading issues at runtime (either running tests or running nodes), such as the following:

.. code-block:: bash

   ImportError: dlopen(.../ros2_<distro>/ros2-osx/lib/python3.7/site-packages/rclpy/_rclpy.cpython-37m-darwin.so, 2): Library not loaded: @rpath/librcl_interfaces__rosidl_typesupport_c.dylib
     Referenced from: .../ros2_<distro>/ros2-osx/lib/python3.7/site-packages/rclpy/_rclpy.cpython-37m-darwin.so
     Reason: image not found

then you probably have System Integrity Protection enabled.

> See "Disable System Integrity Protection (SIP)" above for how instructions on how to disable it.

Reviewer: This is no longer "above"; it should be made a link to the correct place where we talk about this in the Installation docs.

Author: Since the installation instructions just link to the Apple docs, I'll cut out the middle man. Saves from deciding whether to link to the binary/source page, and which distro's page.

   $ sudo xcode-select -s /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer

qt_gui_cpp error: SIP binding generator NOT available
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. only relevant to Eloquent and Foxy

When building qt_gui_cpp there may be errors look like the following:

.. code-block:: bash

   --- stderr: qt_gui_cpp

   CMake Error at src/CMakeLists.txt:10 (message):
     No Python binding generator found.

   ---
   Failed   <<< qt_gui_cpp [ Exited with code 1 ]

To fix this issue, follow `these steps <../../Tutorials/RQt-Source-Install-MacOS>` to install dependencies for RQt.

.. _windows-troubleshooting:

Windows
-------

CMake error setting modification time
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you run into the CMake error ``file INSTALL cannot set modification time on ...`` when installing files it is likely that an anti virus software or Windows Defender are interfering with the build. E.g. for Windows Defender you can list the workspace location to be excluded to prevent it from scanning those files.

260 character path limit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: bash

   The input line is too long.
   The syntax of the command is incorrect.

> You may see path length limit errors when building your own libraries, or maybe even in this guide as ROS2 matures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your directory hierarchy, you may see path length limit errors when building ROS 2 from source or your own libraries.

To allow deeper path lengths:
```

Run ``regedit.exe``, navigate to ``Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\FileSystem``, and set ``LongPathsEnabled`` to 0x00000001 (1).

Hit the windows key and type ``Edit Group Policy``.
Navigate to Local Computer Policy > Computer Configuration > Administrative Templates > System > Filesystem.
Right click ``Enable Win32 long paths``, click Edit.
In the dialog, select Enabled and click OK.

Close and open your terminal to reset the environment and try building again.

CMake packages unable to find asio, tinyxml2, tinyxml, eigen, or log4cxx
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We've seen, but been unable to identify the root cause, that sometimes the chocolatey packages for ``asio``, ``tinyxml2``, etc. do not add important registry entries and that will cause CMake to be unable to find them when building ROS 2.

> It seems that uninstalling the chocolatey packages (with ``-n`` if the uninstall fails the first time) and then reinstalling them will fix the issue.

Reviewer: I'd rewrite this as:

```
We've seen that sometimes the chocolatey packages for ``asio``, ``tinyxml2``, etc. do not add important registry entries and CMake will be unable to find them when building ROS 2.
We've not yet been able to identify the root cause, but uninstalling the chocolatey packages (with ``-n`` if the uninstall fails the first time), and then reinstalling them will fix the issue.
```

patch.exe opens a new command window and asks for administrator
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This will also cause the build of packages which need to use patch to fail, even you allow it to use administrator rights.

The solution, for now, is to make sure you're building in a Visual Studio command prompt which has been run as administrator.
On some machines canceling the prompt without selecting "Yes" will also work.

Failed to load FastRTPS shared library
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. does not apply to Crystal

FastRTPS requires ``msvcr20.dll``, which is part of the ``Visual C++ Redistributable Packages for Visual Studio 2013``.

> Although it is usually installed by default in Windows 10, we know that some Windows 10 like version don't have it installed by default (e.g.: Windows Server 2019).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it is usually installed by default in Windows 10, we know that some Windows 10-like versions don't have it installed by default (e.g.: Windows Server 2019).
```

> In case you haven't it installed, you can download it from `here <https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40784>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you don't have it installed, you can download it from `here <https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40784>`_.
```
